{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green36\blue36;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c18824\c18824\c18824;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Verbatim Transcript: "\uc0\u1513 \u1497 \u1504 \u1493 \u1497  \u1488 \u1512 \u1490 \u1493 \u1504 \u1497 _\u1495 \u1500 \u1511  5 \u1491 \u1507  \u1492 \u1489 \u1497 \u1514 .mp4"\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Is this going to take a while? I just ordered from Thai Garden and they're pretty fast.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Boss:
\f1\b0  So, you like spicy food? That's interesting.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Close the door, please.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Boss:
\f1\b0  Why is that interesting? We decided to restructure order fulfillment.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Restructure how?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Boss:
\f1\b0  Offshore the whole department.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  It's a good one.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Boss:
\f1\b0  I'm not kidding. Check out the spreadsheet. Any American job that's done on the phone or online, it's going overseas. The savings are incredible.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  This is some kind of weird psychological test you're pulling on me right there. There's like a ritual hazing for the annual review.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Boss:
\f1\b0  It's not quite time for your review, Todd. You've been working up on four and a half years, not five.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  You can't outsource order fulfillment. Half our catalog is patriotic knickknacks. If a factory worker from Wisconsin calls the 800 number to buy this and gets a person in another country, he's going to flip out.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Boss:
\f1\b0  That's where the accent training comes in.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  You expect me to walk in there and tell everyone, "I'm sorry, but your job's been outsourced."\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Boss:
\f1\b0  I'll do it.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Terrence (on phone):
\f1\b0  This is Terrence. How can I help you?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  So, I'm fired, too.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Boss:
\f1\b0  No, not at all.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  But I managed fulfillment now. You don't need here.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Boss:
\f1\b0  You're right. We don't need you here. We need you in India. Someone's got to train the new guy.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  And after that,\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Boss:
\f1\b0  we'll find something for you. Company's growing. We'll find something for you. Of course, you're free to quit. But you haven't invested your stock options yet. Quit now and you give it up. Plus your pension and medical, you'll be out there in a bad job market with no unemployment benefits. Ask these guys in about 20 minutes.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  No. No. No way. No. I'm not going to India to train my own replacement.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Boss:
\f1\b0  All you need to do is visit the call center, improve the minutes per incident, and make sure the new guy's up to speed.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  What does this new guy get paid?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Boss:
\f1\b0  Half a million rupees.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  That's $11,000 a year to do your job. And it's eight heads for the price of one. What are you going to do? Come on, just get their NPI down to six.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  No, I'm not going.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Boss:
\f1\b0  Just a short trip. You like spicy food, Dave?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  I'm not going to India. Okay. Outsourcing. Outsourcing. You know Hello everyone. I'm Todd Anderson from Western Novelty and I'm here to help integrate you into our business. Now, I got to tell you, this center's numbers are nowhere near what they should be. And based on the customer complaints we've been having, it's a culture thing. Basically, you people need to learn about America. Now, it's all about bringing down the NPI. Things go faster if the customer feels they're talking to a native English speaker.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Agent:
\f1\b0  But we are native English speakers. English is the official language of our government. You got it from the British and so did we. We just speak it differently. I mean, sometimes our pronunciation is better. We say internet and you say internet.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Fair enough. But that's exactly my point. I'm asking you to say internet. Next time you're on a call, try to listen carefully to the customer's pronunciation and their Hang small talk try to learn from them learn about America sir yes you are man meet man meat uh no man meet uh what I want to know is what is small talk oh um you know that's like so how you doing today uh how's the weather in Arizona you can talk about sports\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Agent:
\f1\b0  like cricket\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  right never mind forget sports you want to sound American if anyone asks where you're located just say Chicago right Try that.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Agent:
\f1\b0  Chicago.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Okay. Uh, when you make the A sound, hold your nose to flatten the vowel like Chicago.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Agent:
\f1\b0  Chicago.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  It's great. Uh, and if anyone asks how the weather is, just say windy.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Asha:
\f1\b0  Yes, you are. Asha, sir, isn't that a little dishonest? I mean, I'm not going to lie. I'm not in Chicago. I'm in Ghapuri. Look, when I was hired to do this job, I was told that I would be selling products to a customer on a telephone. I did not know we had to be deceptive.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Well, a lot of Americans are upset about outsourcing,\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Asha:
\f1\b0  but sir, most of the products they're buying are made in China.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Uh, okay. We're almost back. Uh, we'll continue this tomorrow. Thank you. Okay. When is the first coming?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Puro:
\f1\b0  It is coming presently. Sir, is the call volume? This is low. We are obviously not routing all the calls here yet. Why is the NPI so bad at 12 minutes per incident? We're losing money on every call. Bad. When I started it was 15. I brought it down to 12. Pearl. This place is a disaster. If we don't get it down to six, I'll be stuck in India the rest of my life.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  You're getting the MPI down. No problem.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Puro:
\f1\b0  Don't say no problem when there is a problem. If we don't get it down to six, you'll never get your promotion. You'll never get to marry What's your face? Who's your girlfriend? Baggy Swami, whatever her name is. Everyone please talk faster and faster. Okay. Great. Okay. What else?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Agent:
\f1\b0  Yes, man. Meat. Uh, I do not understand item H43. H43.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Uh, yeah. Uh, a lot of Americans wear these to sporting events.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Agent:
\f1\b0  But why, sir?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  I It's hard to explain. We just do.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Agent:
\f1\b0  Yes. I don't understand the purpose of A221.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  A221? That's a burger brand. Uh, Americans eat a lot of beef and some people like to burn their initials into their food with a red hot iron before they eat it.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Agent:
\f1\b0  Why?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  It's like a cattle brand. You know, the the thing you use to burn a symbol into a cow with. No. In America, that's how you keep track of your cow is is branding with a red hot iron.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Agent:
\f1\b0  Yeah.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Agent:
\f1\b0  But uh wouldn't the cow run away? Uh\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  oh, no. We only do it to baby cows when they're, you know, small enough to hold them down.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Asha:
\f1\b0  Yes. Asha, a suggestion, Mr. Todd.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Go ahead.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Asha:
\f1\b0  You need to learn about India.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Okay. Fore! Foreign! Foreign! picnics. New York. Sorry, somebody had to\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Asha:
\f1\b0  No, thank you. I'm sorry we're late. It's holy. Sorry. And thank you, Asha.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Thank you, sir. Tomorrow. Yes sir. Thank you very much. Thank you for shopping with Western. Uh before everyone takes off, I just I'd like to call a little meeting. I want to apologize to all of you. Uh and especially Asha. She was right. I need to learn about India. Yeah, sir. There's no need to. No, no, wait. Let me finish, please. Our first mistake has been trying to run this like an American office. So, I want to ask you, how can we do things differently? What would make your workday a more positive experience? Yes, Sanjief.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Sanjief:
\f1\b0  Sir, uh, may I bring in my family pictures uh, for my desk?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Yes, bring pictures of them all. I want to see the whole family. Uh, what else? Krishna,\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Krishna:
\f1\b0  sir, may I bring Morty's for my desk?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Mortis? Absolutely. What? Whatever those are, I anyone can bring whatever they want to make their space their own as long as it doesn't get in the way of work. Maduri.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Maduri:
\f1\b0  Uh, sir Puro said that uh we must only wear western clothes at the western business.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Wear whatever you want. Uh, yes. I'm What is your good name?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Rani:
\f1\b0  I'm Rani, sir. Sir, would it be possible to get a discount on Western novelty products?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Is there something in particular you were interested in?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Rani:
\f1\b0  Sir, number D astrology placemats.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  You Want those cheesy things? I'm sure I could get you a set for free. Uh, yes. What about the ceramic basket? Do you guys want this stuff? You like what Western is selling?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Agents:
\f1\b0  Yeah.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  All right. All right. Here's what we'll do. I'll call the company and ask them to ship us a collection of the most popular items in the catalog. Whoever improves their NPI the most on a given day can take their pick of the merchandise. All right. Great job today, everyone. Thank you. Okay. Very good morning. Thank you for calling us. This is Martin 8476. scissors. That's my family. It's impressive. Could you come here, please? Okay, here's the deal. You're the best we have, and I've seen you giving advice to the others. And after I leave, Peru is going to need an assistant manager. Now, We have to get the NPI down to 6.0. Can you help us?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Asha:
\f1\b0  Of course.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  You think she can do it?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Puro:
\f1\b0  I think Asha can do anything.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Congratulations on your promotion. Uh, you only have to step in on a call if someone's really in trouble. Bro, you want to get her started?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Puro:
\f1\b0  You know about this?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Yes, sir. You're welcome back. And anytime you call us on this number, ask for me. My name is Russian novelty garur.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Boss (on phone):
\f1\b0  What the hell is wrong with you, Todd? You trying to bankrupt us?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  What are you talking about? Have you seen the NPI?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Boss:
\f1\b0  I'm talking about this request to ship hundreds of our products to India. The agents can see what they look like online. They don't need to fondle them.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Actually, they do. It's an incentive and they need to understand what they're selling.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Boss:
\f1\b0  So, We'll promise them this stuff. All right. Say it got held up by shipping delays. Customs. You got to think bottom line.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  I am. That's why I want to introduce our products to a potential new market of a billion people. Are you there?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Boss:
\f1\b0  I'll overnight it.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  It's working.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Asha:
\f1\b0  Your incentive program is a very good idea, sir. I'm learning so much from you. I just can't believe you're so excited about this tacky stuff.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Tacky?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Asha:
\f1\b0  What is tacky?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Oh. Uh, a tack is like never mind. Hey, now I've noticed that almost everyone signed up for the incentive program except you. Don't you want anything?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Asha:
\f1\b0  What would I do with this? I'm a vegetarian.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Maybe it works with carrots. You know, Americans have more choices than anyone in the world. Why would you choose this?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Asha:
\f1\b0  Actually, I got mine in red. Of all the town. Oh, you know how to Sorry. Of all the gin joints in all the towns, in all the world, she had to walk into mine. You know how to whistle, don't you? Just put your lips together and blow. Shut up. Just shut up. You had me on. Hello. My mama always said life is like a box of chocolates. I have one word for you. Plastics. Are you talking to me? H no. Okay. See, now it's not are you talking to me? It's you talking to me. These are called reductions and Americans do them all the time. Got to go becomes got to go. Would he becomes would he? You jam those words together. Okay. Try it again. Maybe with a little more ferocity this time.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Agent:
\f1\b0  You talking to me? You talking to me?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  Wow, that's very nice. I I believe it. Okay, who else is ready to go?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Agents:
\f1\b0  Now we have something for you.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Todd:
\f1\b0  What?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Agents:
\f1\b0  You will do a dance from an Indian movie. You will be Salman Khan. Dance dance. Don't let us down. Okay. Foreign speech. Foreign speech.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \
}