{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green36\blue36;\red255\green255\blue255;\red109\green109\blue109;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c18824\c18824\c18824;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u1500 \u1492 \u1500 \u1503  \u1514 \u1502 \u1500 \u1493 \u1500  \u1502 \u1500 \u1488  \u1493 \u1502 \u1491 \u1493 \u1497 \u1511  \u1502 \u1497 \u1500 \u1492  \u1489 \u1502 \u1497 \u1500 \u1492  (Verbatim Transcript) \u1513 \u1500  \u1502 \u1511 \u1493 \u1512  \u1492 \u1513 \u1502 \u1506  
\f1\b "\uc0\u1506 \u1511 \u1512 \u1493 \u1504 \u1493 \u1514  \u1502 \u1514 \u1503  \u1502 \u1513 \u1493 \u1489 _\u1510 \u1508 \u1497 \u1497 \u1514  \u1495 \u1493 \u1489 \u1492  \u1491 \u1507  \u1492 \u1489 \u1497 \u1514 .mp4"
\f0\b0 , \uc0\u1492 \u1502 \u1489 \u1493 \u1505 \u1505  \u1506 \u1500  \u1511 \u1496 \u1506 \u1497  \u1492 \u1502 \u1511 \u1493 \u1512  \u1492 \u1512 \u1500 \u1493 \u1493 \u1504 \u1496 \u1497 \u1497 \u1501  \u1513 \u1489 \u1502 \u1495 \u1489 \u1512 \u1514 :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Verbatim Transcript\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Well, that all seems to be fine. Is there anything else?\cb1 \
\cb3 Yes, there is. As a matter of fact, I need a bit of advice for a change. I'm worried about Suzanne.\cb1 \
\cb3 Why?\cb1 \
\cb3 Well, you help me to choose her. And she's been a godsend. She does an excellent job. Just what I wanted. In fact,\cb1 \
\cb3 I sense there's a butt coming.\cb1 \
\cb3 Well, just recently, she's been a bit touchy. She loses a temper very quickly with me, and she's beginning to upset other people, too.\cb1 \
\cb3 Look, I've organized the Johnson contract, fixed up Backsters, and arranged for Jeff to come on the 25th. Do you want me to handle it or what?\cb1 \
\cb3 Of course I want you to handle it. Why do you ask?\cb1 \
\cb3 Well, I don't know if I'm doing what you want or not.\cb1 \
\cb3 Of course you are. You know that.\cb1 \
\cb3 I don't to be honest. Most of the time I feel as though I'm working in the dark.\cb1 \
\cb3 You soon know if it wasn't what I wanted.\cb1 \
\cb3 Oh, thanks. That's a great help. Don't you understand? I need some feedback.\cb1 \
\cb3 Surely you know everything's okay.\cb1 \
\cb3 That's not the point.\cb1 \
\cb3 Look, I can't explain. I've got to go.\cb1 \
\cb3 Now, what have I done? I can't understand that a person needs feedback. I don't know if I'm doing what he wants or not.\cb1 \
\cb3 I can't think why she keeps flying off the handle. I mean, she's so capable. I just let her get on with the job.\cb1 \
\cb3 Oh, yes. They'll tell me afterwards if it's not what he wants. Lot of help that is.\cb1 \
\cb3 But that doesn't suit her. She'd soon get fed up if I kept interfering all the time.\cb1 \
\cb3 She's already getting me down.\cb1 \
\cb3 Do you ever talk to her about how she does her job?\cb1 \
\cb3 Well, not exactly. I mean, I'd say I'd let her know if she got it wrong, but she's just had a pay rise. That should reassure her. I just let her get on with her job in her own way now. Surely that's enough.\cb1 \
\cb3 Oh, don't be too sure. Everybody needs feedback from their boss. The trouble is, often people don't really like to ask for it, and equally, bosses don't always like to give it. It's a skill that has to be learned by both sides.\cb1 \
\cb3 Ah, you're right. It. I just want to stop her flying off the handle and upsetting people, but I don't think she could cope with me criticizing her. It might make her a damn sight worse.\cb1 \
\cb3 We're not talking about criticizing her. Feedback is different. If you criticize someone, you're being subjective. You're saying, "I don't like the way you do that. I think you should do it this way." Well, what's wrong with that?\cb1 \
\cb3 How would you like it if somebody criticized the way you ran your business and told you how you should run it? Well, I suppose my immediate reaction would be, "What the hell do you know about it?"\cb1 \
\cb3 Quite. And you probably would feel that you have to defend yourself, wouldn't you?\cb1 \
\cb3 Absolutely.\cb1 \
\cb3 Right now, supposing your auditors told you that your return on capital was 8% when the average for the industry was, say, 16%. What would your reaction be?\cb1 \
\cb3 I'd be extremely thoughtful.\cb1 \
\cb3 Exactly. Well, there you are. That's the difference between criticizing someone and giving them feedback. If you criticize, it is subjective and evaluative. If you give feedback, it is objective and non-evaluative. You're giving people food for thought, but still allowing them the freedom to decide what to do about the situation.\cb1 \
\cb3 Yes. But carefully, how does this relate to Suzanne's problem?\cb1 \
\cb3 How do you know it is Suzanne's problem? Maybe it's your laws. Now, you say you're worried that Suzanne is upsetting people, but you're not giving her any feedback, so she can't do anything about it. Without feedback, people start to behave negatively, you know, badly, if you like, just to get noticed.\cb1 \
\cb3 Trouble is, it's going to be difficult to handle it.\cb1 \
\cb3 Well, anything to do with people and feelings is tricky. Look, have you got a minute?\cb1 \
\cb3 No, sure I have. Excuse me, Mr. B, but number four machine's playing up again. Get on to my nards, dick. They're supposed to.\cb1 \
\cb3 So feedback helps people grow. It helps us to see what we need to change to get better. People aren't going to change just because we tell them to. They're only going to change the way they behave if they can see the consequences of their behavior. The problem is they don't usually know what the consequences are. Let me try and explain. The way people usually do things is this. They have an objective. They have a perception of how to do it and then they do it. They get some primitive feedback on whether they achieve their objective. Usually, did it work or not. What they don't know is why it succeeded or failed because they haven't had any feedback on how they went about it, on their behavior throughout the whole process. And what they need is this feedback loop which shows how the way they acted affect their success or failure. Really, what we're doing is getting people to hold up a mirror for us so we can see the consequences of our behavior.\cb1 \
\cb3 So, if Suzanne could see how she was upsetting people, she might stop.\cb1 \
\cb3 Providing she could see that it is affecting the success of what she does. Yes.\cb1 \
\cb3 How do you get her to see that?\cb1 \
\cb3 Well, I can give you a few things to remember when you're chatting to her, if you like.\cb1 \
\cb3 Okay, then. First thing is to focus feedback on what you see, not on what you believe. I was giving some coaching to one of my new staff the other day. So when you are explaining to a client, it's much better to use visuals if you possibly can. Then it's much easier to explain the bell curve effect of the salary structure than if you're just talking. And then when you are dealing with performance related pay, you can show that the proportion of the per performance module is relatively small compared to the CO section. I think when you get to SMT, you'd better skate over the PRP issue and to be honestly I don't believe you've been listening to a single word I've said. I mean, what is the point of me spending all this time if you're not even going to listen?\cb1 \
\cb3 I don't know what you mean. I've been listening to every word. Would you like me to repeat it back to you?\cb1 \
\cb3 But you were staring out of the window.\cb1 \
\cb3 That stops me from being distracted.\cb1 \
\cb3 Well, you looked as if you were born B stiff?\cb1 \
\cb3 No, just the opposite.\cb1 \
\cb3 Did you realize that it gives the impression that you are bored?\cb1 \
\cb3 No. No, I didn't.\cb1 \
\cb3 What effect do you think it could have on a client?\cb1 \
\cb3 Well, I don't know. I haven't really thought about it.\cb1 \
\cb3 Well, I think perhaps you should.\cb1 \
\cb3 Well, perhaps I should just practice some eye contact. If I had simply commented on the fact that she spent a lot of time looking out of the window, she would have realized that it was bound to affect her job and well, she would have been anxious to change. But instead, I made the mistake of believing that because she was looking out of the window, she wasn't concentrating. Actually, that reminds me of the time when I thought roof in reception was lazy because she was always late. Not spectacularly. late. Just those few minutes every single day. Oh, used to drive me mad. Anyway, I found out later she has to get up at4 to 6 every morning, feed her three children, look after her imbleid mother, and then get the children dropped off at their various schools.\cb1 \
\cb3 It's easy to believe the worst. Right now, what's the next thing to remember?\cb1 \
\cb3 I focus on behavior, not on personality. I've got a client in the local authority who was having a bit of trouble with a field officer. Thought he was very dynamic, but he had what she called an attitude problem with the other staff.\cb1 \
\cb3 Do it. I want this sample run off as quickly as possible.\cb1 \
\cb3 Maybe so, but you way down the queue at the moment, I'm afraid.\cb1 \
\cb3 Now, this is really important. The others will have to wait.\cb1 \
\cb3 They're all important. What's so special about this one?\cb1 \
\cb3 I'm asking you please to do this right away.\cb1 \
\cb3 And I'm telling you, it'll have to wait its turn. All right, we'll see what Juliet thinks about that.\cb1 \
\cb3 Look, I'll do my best, but I can't promise anything. Best be good enough. Julian, it's Dillip. Look, I'm getting a bit fed up with the way the people from your department are treating me. I've not said anything up to now, but I've just had Patrick in here demanding immediate attention. He doesn't seem to understand our\cb1 \
\cb3 Patrick. Patrick, what have you done to Dillip? He called me first thing this morning and he seemed really put out.\cb1 \
\cb3 You don't get it. He just won't budge from his own list of priorities. You have to bully him to get anything done.\cb1 \
\cb3 Yes, but you are always bullying everybody. It won't do you any good. You know, you've got to change your attitude.\cb1 \
\cb3 What's wrong with my attitude?\cb1 \
\cb3 Abrasive? You are too abrasive. Just try not to annoy everyone. If you tell someone that they're too abrasive, it's emotive and pretty abstract. You can't change personality, but you can change behavior.\cb1 \
\cb3 What should she have done?\cb1 \
\cb3 Juliet made the mistake of picking on Patrick's attitude, you know, his personality, and that made him defensive. He needed something concrete from Juliet that they could both get to grips with. You see what I mean?\cb1 \
\cb3 Sort of.\cb1 \
\cb3 She could have given Patrick some feedback. about what he actually did. It's hard to argue with facts.\cb1 \
\cb3 I take your point, Patrick. But let's put ourselves in Dillot's shoes. There he is, plugging away at his tests, and suddenly he's interrupted with a demand for an analysis from someone who doesn't even have the authority to do so. Did you mention why you wanted it in such a hurry?\cb1 \
\cb3 No, I didn't think it was necessary.\cb1 \
\cb3 So, he was offered no explanation, and when he objected, he was threatened.\cb1 \
\cb3 Yeah, it was important.\cb1 \
\cb3 I accept that, but it's called caused friction and we depend on a good working relationship with our analysts and your actions haven't made the job any easier. Plus, it hasn't done your reputation much good and that worries me.\cb1 \
\cb3 Yeah, you could have a point. I suppose I should have told him why I wanted it done quickly.\cb1 \
\cb3 When you are made to look at your own behavior rather than hearing an opinion about your personality, it makes it much easier to see what's wrong.\cb1 \
\cb3 I mean, you can decide what to do instead of someone deciding for you.\cb1 \
\cb3 Simple managing director is catching on fast.\cb1 \
\cb3 Keep your feedback neutral. Don't make judgments. We've all got our own values. We make judgments about what's good and bad, what's right and wrong. But just because I believe that something is right doesn't necessarily mean that you will, too. Do you remember when we were going around the depot earlier and that supervisor came up to you, Dick Griggsson? Yes, I remember.\cb1 \
\cb3 Well, I thought you were far too tough with him.\cb1 \
\cb3 Oh, Dick's always winging on about something. You learn not to take any notice of it.\cb1 \
\cb3 There you are. You see, I made a judgment and you immediately defended yourself. Now, let me tell you objectively what actually happened.\cb1 \
\cb3 Machine's playing up again.\cb1 \
\cb3 Get on to Mayard's Dick. They're supposed to have fixed it.\cb1 \
\cb3 Yes, I know, but this time it's something different, and I'm very worried that it might\cb1 \
\cb3 Oh, Dick, you're always worrying. Get on the phone. Tell them I'll cancel the contract unless they get it fixed. I'll see you later.\cb1 \
\cb3 Look, I won't be able to get here till tomorrow. And I think it needs Look, did not know.\cb1 \
\cb3 You're always too damn busy. One of these days you're going to have a fire and then we'll see how busy you are.\cb1 \
\cb3 That's not really how it was.\cb1 \
\cb3 Yes, it was really.\cb1 \
\cb3 Poor old Dick. He's been with me 20 years. Thanks, Kathleen. I must apologize to him.\cb1 \
\cb3 So, when I made a judgment, you rejected it. But when I simply gave you the information, you decided what you ought to do with it. Next. Use feedback to inform, not to advise. Now, let's think. Supposing I had advised you to apologize to Dick. How would you have reacted?\cb1 \
\cb3 I'd have thought you were a bit bloody cheeky. I'd have felt very uncomfortable doing it. And because it was your idea, I'd have blamed you for making me feel embarrassed. I'd have probably started looking for all kinds of reasons not to apologize. No, I'd want to be the one to decide how to do it. And I' want to do it my way.\cb1 \
\cb3 That's it. And you'd gain Dick's respect. That's the trouble with advice. It might work for me, but be wrong for you. You mustn't take away a person's freedom to decide for themselves what will work and what they should do.\cb1 \
\cb3 All this is very useful, Kathleen, but I mean, where do you start? I mean, you can't send for someone and say, "Come in. I'm going to give you some feedback."\cb1 \
\cb3 Yes. I've got a feeling That might be a tiny bit threatening. No, you're right. The person on the receiving end must be willing to receive. Feedback should be supportive, not threatening. This is doubly difficult because people don't often ask for feedback. You were lucky that Suzanne did. It's just a pity that you blew it.\cb1 \
\cb3 Oh, I've got a vague idea why they don't ask for it. They might hear something they don't like.\cb1 \
\cb3 Yes, and we all know how prickly that can make us. You remember Beth? She had to make a presentation to a client and I sat in. Now, she did it quite well, but there was one section that was dreadful.\cb1 \
\cb3 Uh, your presentation this morning, pretty awful, wasn't it?\cb1 \
\cb3 Oh, don't worry about it. I thought we could go through it together. Um, I'm out for the rest of the day. What about tomorrow morning?\cb1 \
\cb3 All right, fine. How do you think that's going to make her feel?\cb1 \
\cb3 Terrible. I should think she'll have to sweat it out until midway through the next morning, by which time she'll probably have lost all her confidence. She'll twice as difficult to talk to.\cb1 \
\cb3 Right. I knew there was a highly perceptive manager lurking behind that tough Yorkshire act. Tell me how I should have done it.\cb1 \
\cb3 Well, as you said, people like to hear the good things, don't they?\cb1 \
\cb3 Usually.\cb1 \
\cb3 Right.\cb1 \
\cb3 Oh, well done.\cb1 \
\cb3 Well, how about if you tried something like this?\cb1 \
\cb3 Well, the bit about objective setting was awful. I'm sorry. I don't know what came over me. Oh,\cb1 \
\cb3 don't worry about it. I thought the way you dealt with the appraisal system was really good. Much better than when I did it.\cb1 \
\cb3 Oh, and and the way you handled that awful, rude man in the front row, that was really impressive.\cb1 \
\cb3 Was it really?\cb1 \
\cb3 I think we might go through it together before the next time. I've got one thing is to pick up on the positive things first. It's very useful for people to know what they do well. Then they can make use of it at other times. They'll then be more receptive to feedback about the not so good things.\cb1 \
\cb3 Seems like you're skating on thin ice. It's a lot of the time.\cb1 \
\cb3 Yes. Well, as I say, you're dealing with people's feelings, their vanity, emotions, professional pride, all sorts of sensitive stuff. So, you need understanding and respect.\cb1 \
\cb3 Right. Anything else I need to know before I uh tackle Suzanne?\cb1 \
\cb3 Oh, yes. The epitome of sensitivity, the language of the rugby field. But yes, there is one more thing. Keep feedback simple. Don't overdo it. You You know, you asked me the other day to have a look at sales training. Well, I went out with Jane Bates, who was working with one of her trainees, Mark Collins.\cb1 \
\cb3 So, to sum up then, you've got to talk a bit less, listen a bit more, find out about their problems. You've got to ask more probing questions. You need to get more information on what use they actually make of this stuff. Concentrate on the benefits. Oh, and remember to smile. You're a bit serious. And once you've got a sale, don't mention it anymore.\cb1 \
\cb3 I'm not quite sure where to start.\cb1 \
\cb3 And Mark, Do you think you could uh check on the details of that phone call we had yesterday with um Marshall and Thompson?\cb1 \
\cb3 Jean was giving Mark far too much to cope with. People really can't handle more than one or two bits of feedback at any one time. Mark was hopelessly confused and as he said, he didn't really know where to start. Jane should have concentrated on just one aspect of the sales pitch.\cb1 \
\cb3 In that last interview, how much time do you think you actually spent talking?\cb1 \
\cb3 Well, I'd guess about a third.\cb1 \
\cb3 It's more like 2/3.\cb1 \
\cb3 Ah, I hadn't realized that. Well, I'll try and keep my mouth shut and let them do a bit more talking.\cb1 \
\cb3 Well, if you could start with that, a lot of the other things would take care of themselves.\cb1 \
\cb3 Great. Cheers. That's really helped me.\cb1 \
\cb3 Happy to get moving.\cb1 \
\cb3 Before you go, Kathleen, just run through those things to remember again, will you? Just to nail them into this fuddle.\cb1 \
\cb3 Focus on what you see, not on what you believe. Focus on behavior, not on personality. Keep it neutral. Don't make judgments. Use it to inform, not to advise. Make it supportive, not threatening. Keep it simple. Don't overdo it. If you use it properly and understand it, you'll find that feedback can be a powerful way of giving help. But do remember that it takes skill, respect, understanding, and courage to do it well.\cb1 \
\cb3 Thanks, Kathleen. Talking about courage, I'll try Suzanne again. I'll see you soon. Not there. Snatch from the jaws of the lioness. Quite an afternoon, wasn't it?\cb1 \
\cb3 I'll get back to you. Suzanne.\cb1 \
\cb3 Ah, there you are. Have you got time for a chat? You said you wanted some feedback on how you've been doing.\cb1 \
\cb3 Yes, that's right. I mean, I seriously need to know how you think I'm doing. I mean, am I doing the right things? Is there anything about the way I'm handling things you don't like? Just stuff like that.\cb1 \
\cb3 Okay. Well, let me put your mind at rest. I think you're doing a great job. The way you handle Baxters was excellent, and I'm very happy with the planning you did for the 23.\cb1 \
\cb3 Yes, that's fine. Oh, there is uh just one thing I've been aware of.\cb1 \
\cb3 Yeah.\cb1 \
\cb3 Well, I've noticed on one or two occasions that you've been a little bit abrupt with some of the staff. That worries me a bit.\cb1 \
\cb3 Can you be a bit more explicit?\cb1 \
\cb3 I can give you an example. I've heard one or two people say you're a bit short-tempered.\cb1 \
\cb3 What do you mean?\cb1 \
\cb3 Yeah, you're right. Look, can I think about it?\cb1 \
\cb3 You see, we're a we're a small company, Suzanne. Now, before you go, I've given you some feedback. How about you giving me some? Is there anything that's getting in the way or you'd rather I didn't do?\cb1 \
\cb3 Well, there is actually. Yes, there is. H. Okay, then.\cb1 \
\cb3 You listen, but you tend not to hear.\cb1 \
\cb3 What are you talking about? Come in.\cb1 \
\cb3 Oh, Kathleen.\cb1 \
\cb3 Uh, sorry to interrupt you, but there's one thing I forgot to tell you. If you give feedback, you have to be able to take it, too. Heat. Heat.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
}